[CAS] Third-party ingestion (Veracode SAST) (#1050)
hlxsites/prisma-cloud-docs: docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/get-started/connect-code-and-build-providers/third-party-ingestion/add-veracode.adoc

[.procedure]

=== How to connect Veracode with Prisma Cloud

. Before you begin.
.. Activate at least one CAS module that includes version control system (VCS) and repository integrations.
.. https://docs.veracode.com/r/c_api_credentials3[Generate and copy a Veracode access key] to enable access to Prisma Cloud. The access key includes a key ID and secret.
.. Add the Prisma Cloud IP addresses and hostname for Application Security to Vercode's xref:../../../../get-started/console-prerequisites.adoc[allow list] to enable access to the Prisma Cloud console.
.. Grant the user integrating Veracode with the following permissions:
+
* In Prisma Cloud: 'System Admin', 'AppSec Admin' or GRBAC permissions 
* In Veracode: At minimum, 'Reviewer' permissions are required 

. Under *Application Security*, select *Settings* > *Connect Provider* > *Code & Build Providers*.
. Select *Veracode* under the '3rd Party Ingestion' section in the catalog.

. In the Configure Integration step of the integration wizard.
.. Fill in the provided fields:
+

> * Enter the Prisma Cloud key ID and secret from *step 1b* into their respective fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enter the Veracode key ID and secret from *step 1b* into their respective fields
```

* Select your Veracode region from the *Region* dropdown
.. Click *Authorize*.

. On the Select Applications step of the integration wizard.
.. Select which Veracode applications will be scanned:
+
* All current applications
* All current and future applications (This is the recommended option to ensure complete coverage and successful operation of all features)
* Only selected applications > select the applications from the menu that is displayed
.. Click *Next*.
+

> NOTE: 'Applications' in Veracode and 'Repositories' in Prisma Cloud are identical artifacts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: 'Applications' in Veracode and 'Repositories' in Prisma Cloud are related artifacts. 
```
